I hope you enjoyed this module in this module you'll learn how you can use energy or X and the many
features it offers to manage your application state.
You saw that setting everything up takes quite some work but once you got it set up it's really easy
to work with that and it's really powerful and you don't have to worry about your state getting out
of sync.
If you're working on it from two different components you don't have to think about a lot of things
you have to think about when using services still using services especially with our extra subjects
is a great approach for managing state.
And there's nothing wrong with that.
But as your application grows you might feel the need to improve your state management and that is where
your ex can really help you.
So I hope you took a lot with you from this section.
And of course you'll find more resources attached in the final lecture of the section where I will guide
you to the official NGO documentation and so on so that you can dive deeper if you want to.